hello it's Ruby today we're going up to
London with our really cater I'm Molly
and I thought that I would flog the trip
because I'm really looking food red and
it should be really nice afternoon
[Music]
so I here with Sofia my I'm waking up to
London as under the National Gallery say
and I'm not taking clothing that culture
I engage shopping
[Music]
hey guys hi graffiti artists Gandhi's
where start my two brothers before
tsunamis my house before so they started
a company for their bedroom and it's
evolved into a clothing brand the
lifestyle brand all inspired by travel
and their experiences around the world
and some profits go to touch on the
sounds through that charity orphans
Robbins a little bit so everyone can see
it
this is gonna be fast and furious keep
your eyes open a quick warning
[Music]
watching a street he was very funny and
I videoed a little bit of it
mum videoed the whole thing it was
actually really funny he was very
fantastic okay she said to Martha he
said all the kids come and sit down and
Martha went and sat down and went to
crash filming
Molly can you say what just happened so
I've just got a food and internship
underneath of the summer so for it was a
I think I applied in microfiber II so
it's been a long we process but you will
be may lead every day but I've got it
she need you just gotta go to a thing
say where did you get mother this is a
really nice dress
[Music]
ten tamales name and gas
they offer a very exhausting day of
shopping
and we're really excited to eat food
I'm Reid so we're now back home and I
thought that I just quickly given you a
short haul of what I bought whilst we
were out the first thing I got was this
glasses case from Sasson bail and it's
really pretty it's got a really lovely
floral quite old-fashioned print on it
went to Topshop and I found this really
nice denim pinafore dress looks like and
it's so pretty I really like it and then
I got two pairs of trousers
from Zara and these were quite expensive
they were 25 pounds each
but I really wanted to have trousers for
a while and I just can't find any that
fit me but these ones fit me perfectly
so I decided to get them so I did and
then this pair of black ones which are
exactly the same but I'm gonna have to
use for school and then lastly something
I bought but Molly's grandma actually
made me these fingerless gloves so I
thought I'd show you they and it's
really thoughtful and I really like them
um so that's everything I bought and I'm
going to round up the vlog here I really
hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week